Why didn't you die, bitch?
You return my daughter's life, you return my daughter's life
Stop arguing, doctor
How is my daughter?
Please save her save her
Your daughter's organs were badly hit
Hit unless the fairy hand comes to do the knife
Otherwise, everyone will have a bundle the day after tomorrow.
Shooter
We are Su Mingyuan, the second young master of the Su family
That's right, the art of Second Young Master Su, international civilization
As long as he is willing to take action
I will definitely save your daughter
However, Second Young Master Su never took action easily
And he's abroad now.
If you attend a training
Can't make it back
I've got him coming. He's on his way.
You shut up
What are you?
I'll tell you what.
If anything happens to teachers and students
I want you to be a prison grandson for life
You thought you climbed into Su San's bed
Can you get up, Second Young Master Su?
He's worthy of you dirty and mean woman
Brother Ren Chen
Why are you here?
I heard that Sisi was seriously injured.
I specially brought Dr. Li here
He is the senior brother of the Divine Doctor Sacred Hand
It will definitely cure Sisi